Foreword
========

Bitmazk.

Beautifying bits and bytes.

We are a small web agency providing full stack services for Python and Django
based websites and web applications. You give us your idea. We give you a
working product.

For ourselves and when working on client projects we follow the lean startup
approach which means that we try to get a working prototype out as quickly as
possible and then iterate until the project reaches a point where all parties
are happy.

We have a stable and constantly growing customer base and while our client work
is currently our main source of income we are working on our own products in
order to establish new income streams.

We are not funded and we want to keep it like that. Our main motivation to wake
up in the morning and get some work done is the passion to create great
products and the will to grow personally and professionally. It shall never be
the urge to please some investors. Likewise the products that we create should
solve meaningful problems and should not be money printing machines that
exploit the weaknesses of people. You could say that we are not doing this for
the money. We are doing this in order to create the work of our lifes'.

And one thing is for sure: This job _is_ life consuming. Almost everything that
we do is the complete opposite of the ordinary 9 to 5 office job. We don't have
offices. We don't have work hours. We don't have vacation days. We don't even
have job descriptions.

How is this supposed to work? We are not quite sure, yet, but a key ingredient
for our long term success is to create the happiest work environment in the
world.

Luckily, as technology advances rapidly and even social and political systems
evolve (not so rapidly) signs are good that the global virtual tech startup
will be the standard form of employment in the near future. We want to be early
adopters and take an active part in shaping that future.

This document is an ongoing effort to solve a few problems:

* To find out who we are why we do this and what we have to offer
* To describe every little detail about our company as a form of self
  reflection and self auditing
* To spread the word and find those rare crazy people that would love to work
  with us

To some extend we are hereby open sourcing our whole company. We think that we
are good but we also know that we are not perfect. If you think that we suck
please `fork us on GitHub`_ and change our company (or start your own).

.. _fork us on GitHub: https://github.com/bitmazk/bitmazk-book
