Who are we?
============

We are self-taught. We are self-motivated. We are self-disciplined. We are
self-aware.

Self-taught
-----------

All of us went through trainee programs in software houses and through
university. In the end, all of us came to the same weird conclusion: Nothing
that we have been taught at university has any relevance in our day to day
work. The best way to learn programming is to have a mentor and to just do it.

The reason is not that our universities have been bad. The reason is that they
usually teach two kinds of skill-sets: soft-skills and hard-skills. The
soft-skills are kind of obvious. They are common sense and no one really needs
to waste three years at university picking them up. You would learn how to
negotiate in three days if you were forced to face a real customer in the real
world anyways.

The hard-skills are in our case, of course, all related to programming and
guess what: We already knew most of it *before* we started university. Most of
us wrote their first BASIC programs at the age of 10 or so. After all that was
the reason why we decided to study this field: We dreamt of turning our hobbies
into our jobs.

Please take this with a grain of salt. If you wanted to invent the next
programming language or worked as a software engineer for NASA, it would
probably a good idea to have some extensive university knowledge backing up
your tasks. But we are doing web-development here. This is more like an art and
less like a *serious* profession (it is still serious, but in a less
life-threatening way than writing software for sending people to mars).

Our main skill-set is Python, Django, HTML, CSS, JavaScript. All of this is
perfectly documented on the internet and backed up by huge and helpful
communities. None of this is taught in universities or if it is, it is horribly
outdated and of no use in the real world.

One thing is for sure: We socialized at university. We learned to cope with
stress and deadlines. We learned how to think analytically. But the real skills
that pay our bills right now are 100% self-taught.

Self-motivated
--------------

TODO: Write about how we need to know where we are going as individuals in
order to fit into the company, wake up in the morning and push the company
forwards even though no one is forcing us to do so.

Self-disciplined
----------------

TODO: Write about the threats of working from home and the incredible amount
of self-discipline this demands.

Self-aware
----------

TODO: Write how we are constantly questioning ourselves, trying to become more
effective in our work without losing sight of our private life goals.
