Time Tracking
=============

We use [Freckle](http://letsfreckle.com) as our time tracking tool. It has
resonable pricing tiers and is one of the most beautiful, intuitive and useful
apps on the internet.

# People

Every employee has one account. Freelancers can also be added as users, they
are not able to see every project.

# Projects

For every project we create a project in Freckle. We don't aggregate several
projects from the same customer under one Freckle project, because then we
would start creating tags for sub-projects, which would ultimately end up in a
massive amount of tags and make reporting and invoicing more difficult.

# Tags

Every entry should have a tag. We try to keep the list of tags as short as
possible. If you are not sure about the available tags, just have a look at the
tags page on Freckle. If you think that we will need a new tag very often in
the future, announce it to the team and describe the reason.

Currently, we have the following tags:

## django

This is the core competence of our company. Our day to day web development is
tracked under this tag.

## html-css

This is the second most important tag that we have. It covers anything that
touches html, less, sass, css files.

## FREE*

Sometimes we are involved in a customer project but for some reason we don't
want to tag the task as billable hours. In these cases, we add the ``FREE*``
tag to the other tag that describes the task.

## communication

Whenever we talk on IRC, Skype, Hangouts, phone, email or in person for an
extended amount of time, we tag the time as communication and roughly describe
what the conversation was about (just a few words).

## maintenance

Usually this covers simple tasks like adding content to the CMS. Usually those
are tasks, that the customer could do themselves but for some reason prefers to
delegate the task to us.

## codereview

Like the name says. When we do codereviews for a colleague, we tag the time as
such.

# server

All tasks that are not real programming tasks but infrastructure tasks are
tagged as ``server``. This includes setting up new Webfaction servers, adding
cronjobs, running deployments, restarting the webserver and so on.
